0x02-shell_redirections/README.md, before:

# Shell I/O Redirection and Filtering
0. Hello World- > Write a script that prints “Hello, World”, followed by a new line to the standard output.
1. Confused smiley- > Write a script that displays a confused smiley "(Ôo)'.
2. Let's display a file- > Display the content of the /etc/passwd file.
3. What about 2?- > Display the content of /etc/passwd and /etc/hosts.
4. Last lines of a file- > Display the last 10 lines of /etc/passwd.
5.  I'd prefer the first ones actually- > Display the first 10 lines of /etc/passwd.
6. Line #2- > Write a script that displays the third line of the file iacta.
8.  Save current state of directory- > Write a script that writes into the file ls_cwd_content the result of the command ls -la. If the file ls_cwd_content already exists, it should be overwritten. If the file ls_cwd_content does not exist, create it.
9.  No more javascript- > Write a script that deletes all the regular files (not the directories) with a .js extension that are present in the current directory and all its subfolders.
10. Don't just count your directories, make your directories count- > Write a script that counts the number of directories and sub-directories in the current directory.
22. DJ Cut Killer- > Write a script that displays all users and their home directories, sorted by users.
21. esreveR- > Write a script that reverse its input.
20. Without C, you would live in hiago- > Create a script that removes all letters c and C from input.
19. A to Z- > Replace all characters A and c from input to Z and e respectively.

Commit message:

a script that displays the 10 newest file

0x02-shell_redirections/README.md, after:

# Shell I/O Redirection and Filtering
0. Hello World- > Write a script that prints “Hello, World”, followed by a new line to the standard output.
1. Confused smiley- > Write a script that displays a confused smiley "(Ôo)'.
2. Let's display a file- > Display the content of the /etc/passwd file.
3. What about 2?- > Display the content of /etc/passwd and /etc/hosts.
4. Last lines of a file- > Display the last 10 lines of /etc/passwd.
5.  I'd prefer the first ones actually- > Display the first 10 lines of /etc/passwd.
6. Line #2- > Write a script that displays the third line of the file iacta.
8.  Save current state of directory- > Write a script that writes into the file ls_cwd_content the result of the command ls -la. If the file ls_cwd_content already exists, it should be overwritten. If the file ls_cwd_content does not exist, create it.
9.  No more javascript- > Write a script that deletes all the regular files (not the directories) with a .js extension that are present in the current directory and all its subfolders.
10. Don't just count your directories, make your directories count- > Write a script that counts the number of directories and sub-directories in the current directory.
22. DJ Cut Killer- > Write a script that displays all users and their home directories, sorted by users.
21. esreveR- > Write a script that reverse its input.
20. Without C, you would live in hiago- > Create a script that removes all letters c and C from input.
19. A to Z- > Replace all characters A and c from input to Z and e respectively.12. What’s new- >Create a script that displays the 10 newest files in the current directory.
